c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext.dll.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Belcorp.Service.DataContracts.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Belcorp.Service.DataContracts.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\obj\Debug\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\obj\Debug\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\obj\Debug\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Belcorp.Infra.Data.Core.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\Belcorp.Infra.Data.Core.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Belcorp\Belcorp.Traserep.Service.MainContext\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
